c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\WebDemo.dll.config
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\WebDemo.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\WebDemo.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebDemo\WebDemo\obj\Debug\WebDemo.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebDemo\WebDemo\obj\Debug\WebDemo.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebDemo\WebDemo\obj\Debug\WebDemo.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebDemo\WebDemo\obj\Debug\WebDemo.Migrations.InitialCreate.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebDemo\WebDemo\obj\Debug\WebDemo.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebDemo\WebDemo\obj\Debug\WebDemo.Migrations.AddForUser.resources
E:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
E:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
E:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
E:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
E:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
E:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
E:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
E:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
E:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
E:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
E:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
E:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
E:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
E:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\WebDemo.dll.config
E:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\WebDemo.dll
E:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\WebDemo.pdb
E:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
E:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\EntityFramework.dll
E:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
E:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
E:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
E:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
E:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
E:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
E:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
E:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
E:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
E:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
E:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
E:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
E:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
E:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
E:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
E:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
E:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
E:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
E:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
E:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
E:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
E:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
E:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
E:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Owin.dll
E:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
E:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
E:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
E:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
E:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
E:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
E:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
E:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\WebGrease.dll
E:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
E:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
E:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
E:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
E:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
E:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
E:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
E:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
E:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
E:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
E:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
E:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
E:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
E:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
E:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\EntityFramework.xml
E:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
E:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
E:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
E:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
E:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
E:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
E:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
E:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
E:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
E:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
E:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
E:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
E:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
E:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\obj\Debug\WebDemo.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\obj\Debug\WebDemo.Migrations.InitialCreate.resources
E:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\obj\Debug\WebDemo.Migrations.AddForUser.resources
E:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\obj\Debug\WebDemo.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
E:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\obj\Debug\WebDemo.dll
E:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\obj\Debug\WebDemo.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\PagedList.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\PagedList.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\PagedList.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\PagedList.Mvc.xml
E:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\PagedList.dll
E:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\PagedList.Mvc.dll
E:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\PagedList.xml
E:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\PagedList.Mvc.xml
D:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
D:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
D:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
D:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
D:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
D:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
D:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
D:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
D:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
D:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
D:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
D:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
D:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
D:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\WebDemo.dll.config
D:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\WebDemo.dll
D:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\WebDemo.pdb
D:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
D:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
D:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
D:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
D:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
D:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
D:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
D:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
D:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
D:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
D:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
D:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
D:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
D:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
D:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
D:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
D:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
D:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
D:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
D:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
D:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Owin.dll
D:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\PagedList.dll
D:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\PagedList.Mvc.dll
D:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\WebGrease.dll
D:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
D:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
D:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
D:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
D:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
D:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
D:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\PagedList.xml
D:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\PagedList.Mvc.xml
D:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
D:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
D:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
D:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
D:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
D:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
D:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
D:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
D:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
D:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
D:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
D:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
D:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
D:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
D:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\obj\Debug\WebDemo.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\obj\Debug\WebDemo.Migrations.InitialCreate.resources
D:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\obj\Debug\WebDemo.Migrations.AddForUser.resources
D:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\obj\Debug\WebDemo.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
D:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\obj\Debug\WebDemo.dll
D:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\obj\Debug\WebDemo.pdb
I:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
I:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
I:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
I:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
I:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
I:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
I:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
I:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
I:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
I:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
I:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
I:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
I:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
I:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\WebDemo.dll.config
I:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\WebDemo.dll
I:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\WebDemo.pdb
I:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
I:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\BotDetect.dll
I:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\BotDetect.Web.Mvc.dll
I:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\EntityFramework.dll
I:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
I:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
I:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
I:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
I:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
I:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
I:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
I:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
I:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
I:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
I:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
I:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
I:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
I:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
I:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
I:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
I:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
I:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
I:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
I:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
I:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
I:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
I:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
I:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Owin.dll
I:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\PagedList.dll
I:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\PagedList.Mvc.dll
I:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
I:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
I:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
I:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
I:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
I:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
I:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
I:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\WebGrease.dll
I:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
I:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
I:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
I:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
I:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
I:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
I:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\PagedList.xml
I:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\PagedList.Mvc.xml
I:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
I:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
I:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
I:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
I:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
I:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
I:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
I:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
I:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
I:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\EntityFramework.xml
I:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
I:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
I:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
I:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
I:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
I:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
I:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
I:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
I:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
I:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
I:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
I:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
I:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
I:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\obj\Debug\WebDemo.Migrations.InitialCreate.resources
I:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\obj\Debug\WebDemo.Migrations.AddForUser.resources
I:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\obj\Debug\WebDemo.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
I:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\obj\Debug\WebDemo.dll
I:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\obj\Debug\WebDemo.pdb
I:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\obj\Debug\WebDemo.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\BotDetect.dll
E:\study\web\project\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\BotDetect.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WebDemo25-9-2\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WebDemo25-9-2\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WebDemo25-9-2\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WebDemo25-9-2\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WebDemo25-9-2\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WebDemo25-9-2\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WebDemo25-9-2\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WebDemo25-9-2\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WebDemo25-9-2\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WebDemo25-9-2\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WebDemo25-9-2\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WebDemo25-9-2\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WebDemo25-9-2\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WebDemo25-9-2\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\WebDemo.dll.config
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WebDemo25-9-2\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\WebDemo.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WebDemo25-9-2\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\WebDemo.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WebDemo25-9-2\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WebDemo25-9-2\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\BotDetect.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WebDemo25-9-2\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\BotDetect.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WebDemo25-9-2\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WebDemo25-9-2\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WebDemo25-9-2\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WebDemo25-9-2\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WebDemo25-9-2\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WebDemo25-9-2\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WebDemo25-9-2\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WebDemo25-9-2\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WebDemo25-9-2\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WebDemo25-9-2\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WebDemo25-9-2\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WebDemo25-9-2\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WebDemo25-9-2\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WebDemo25-9-2\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WebDemo25-9-2\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WebDemo25-9-2\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WebDemo25-9-2\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WebDemo25-9-2\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WebDemo25-9-2\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WebDemo25-9-2\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WebDemo25-9-2\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WebDemo25-9-2\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WebDemo25-9-2\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WebDemo25-9-2\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WebDemo25-9-2\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WebDemo25-9-2\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\PagedList.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WebDemo25-9-2\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\PagedList.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WebDemo25-9-2\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WebDemo25-9-2\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WebDemo25-9-2\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WebDemo25-9-2\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WebDemo25-9-2\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WebDemo25-9-2\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WebDemo25-9-2\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WebDemo25-9-2\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WebDemo25-9-2\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WebDemo25-9-2\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WebDemo25-9-2\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WebDemo25-9-2\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WebDemo25-9-2\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WebDemo25-9-2\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WebDemo25-9-2\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\PagedList.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WebDemo25-9-2\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\PagedList.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WebDemo25-9-2\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WebDemo25-9-2\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WebDemo25-9-2\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WebDemo25-9-2\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WebDemo25-9-2\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WebDemo25-9-2\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WebDemo25-9-2\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WebDemo25-9-2\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WebDemo25-9-2\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WebDemo25-9-2\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WebDemo25-9-2\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WebDemo25-9-2\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WebDemo25-9-2\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WebDemo25-9-2\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WebDemo25-9-2\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WebDemo25-9-2\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WebDemo25-9-2\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WebDemo25-9-2\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WebDemo25-9-2\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WebDemo25-9-2\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WebDemo25-9-2\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WebDemo25-9-2\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WebDemo25-9-2\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WebDemo25-9-2\WebDemo\WebDemo\obj\Debug\WebDemo.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WebDemo25-9-2\WebDemo\WebDemo\obj\Debug\WebDemo.Migrations.InitialCreate.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WebDemo25-9-2\WebDemo\WebDemo\obj\Debug\WebDemo.Migrations.AddForUser.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WebDemo25-9-2\WebDemo\WebDemo\obj\Debug\WebDemo.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WebDemo25-9-2\WebDemo\WebDemo\obj\Debug\WebDemo.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\WebDemo25-9-2\WebDemo\WebDemo\obj\Debug\WebDemo.pdb
D:\DATHAYANH3\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
D:\DATHAYANH3\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
D:\DATHAYANH3\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
D:\DATHAYANH3\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
D:\DATHAYANH3\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
D:\DATHAYANH3\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
D:\DATHAYANH3\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
D:\DATHAYANH3\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
D:\DATHAYANH3\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
D:\DATHAYANH3\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
D:\DATHAYANH3\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
D:\DATHAYANH3\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
D:\DATHAYANH3\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
D:\DATHAYANH3\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\WebDemo.dll.config
D:\DATHAYANH3\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\WebDemo.dll
D:\DATHAYANH3\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\WebDemo.pdb
D:\DATHAYANH3\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:\DATHAYANH3\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\BotDetect.dll
D:\DATHAYANH3\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\BotDetect.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\DATHAYANH3\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\DATHAYANH3\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\DATHAYANH3\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
D:\DATHAYANH3\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
D:\DATHAYANH3\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
D:\DATHAYANH3\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
D:\DATHAYANH3\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
D:\DATHAYANH3\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
D:\DATHAYANH3\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
D:\DATHAYANH3\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
D:\DATHAYANH3\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
D:\DATHAYANH3\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
D:\DATHAYANH3\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
D:\DATHAYANH3\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
D:\DATHAYANH3\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
D:\DATHAYANH3\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
D:\DATHAYANH3\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
D:\DATHAYANH3\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
D:\DATHAYANH3\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
D:\DATHAYANH3\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
D:\DATHAYANH3\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
D:\DATHAYANH3\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
D:\DATHAYANH3\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\DATHAYANH3\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\DATHAYANH3\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Owin.dll
D:\DATHAYANH3\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\PagedList.dll
D:\DATHAYANH3\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\PagedList.Mvc.dll
D:\DATHAYANH3\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\DATHAYANH3\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\DATHAYANH3\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\DATHAYANH3\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\DATHAYANH3\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\DATHAYANH3\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\DATHAYANH3\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\DATHAYANH3\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\WebGrease.dll
D:\DATHAYANH3\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
D:\DATHAYANH3\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
D:\DATHAYANH3\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
D:\DATHAYANH3\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
D:\DATHAYANH3\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
D:\DATHAYANH3\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
D:\DATHAYANH3\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\PagedList.xml
D:\DATHAYANH3\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\PagedList.Mvc.xml
D:\DATHAYANH3\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\DATHAYANH3\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\DATHAYANH3\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
D:\DATHAYANH3\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\DATHAYANH3\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\DATHAYANH3\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\DATHAYANH3\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\DATHAYANH3\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
D:\DATHAYANH3\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\DATHAYANH3\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\DATHAYANH3\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\DATHAYANH3\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
D:\DATHAYANH3\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
D:\DATHAYANH3\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
D:\DATHAYANH3\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
D:\DATHAYANH3\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
D:\DATHAYANH3\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
D:\DATHAYANH3\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
D:\DATHAYANH3\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
D:\DATHAYANH3\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
D:\DATHAYANH3\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
D:\DATHAYANH3\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
D:\DATHAYANH3\WebDemo\WebDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
D:\DATHAYANH3\WebDemo\WebDemo\obj\Debug\WebDemo.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\DATHAYANH3\WebDemo\WebDemo\obj\Debug\WebDemo.Migrations.InitialCreate.resources
D:\DATHAYANH3\WebDemo\WebDemo\obj\Debug\WebDemo.Migrations.AddForUser.resources
D:\DATHAYANH3\WebDemo\WebDemo\obj\Debug\WebDemo.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
D:\DATHAYANH3\WebDemo\WebDemo\obj\Debug\WebDemo.dll
D:\DATHAYANH3\WebDemo\WebDemo\obj\Debug\WebDemo.pdb
